Buy More, Save More offers promotions such as free delivery and product discount based on how much you spend. The more you spend, the greater the promotions you unlock! Refer below for more information.
Daraz Buy More, Save More is our latest promotion that allows you to purchase our best-selling products at special discounts, coupled with free shipping, based on your total spending. The more you spend, the greater the promotions you unlock!Note:Customers will be able to use payment vouchers and store vouchers, but will not be able to use platform vouchers and promo codes on Buy More, Save More orders. You will be able to earn Daraz Gems on your Buy More, Save More orders but will not be able t
Cancellation and Return Policy:Partial cancellations are not allowed but partial returns are allowed on Buy More, Save More orders i.e. you will not be able to cancel 1 or 2 products in your order and would instead have to cancel the entire order. But if you decide to apply for a return, you can return certain items out of your total Buy More, Save More order. If a certain number of products from a Buy More, Save More order are eligible for a return, partial refund will be issued to the customer
Delivery timelines vary for each order. There are 2 ways to check the delivery timeline before placing an order for Buy More, Save More:You can check the expected delivery timeline under the product description. When you checkout, you can also check the delivery timeline of your entire Buy More, Save More order.You can also confirm the delivery timeline after placing your order. Check the order confirmation email for the promised delivery time.
You are allowed to purchase a maximum of 5 units per product in your Buy More, Save More order.
You will be able to use payment vouchers and store vouchers, but will not be able to use platform vouchers and promo codes on Buy More, Save More orders.
You can earn Daraz Gems on your Buy More, Save More orders though spending them within this product range is not applicable. You can redeem your Daraz Gems by placing orders for other products on Daraz.
Daraz Buy More, Save More is our latest promotion that allows you to purchase our best-selling products at special discounts, coupled with free shipping, based on your total spending. Please note the following clauses applicable on the purchase of Buy More, Save More products: Customers will be able to use payment vouchers and store vouchers,
Teasing TimelineDec 27 - Dec 31 (7.59pm)Live TimelineDec 31 (8.00pm) - Jan 0512.12 Voucher Max DiscountTerms and Condition1. The voucher collected will automatically apply at "My Cart" page if criteria is met2. The voucher will be returned to your account only when the entire order the voucher was used on, has been canceled 3. Voucher is not applicable to fine jewelry/gold, digital goods, and milk formula (0 to 3 years old), unless otherwise stated upon collection4. Additional restrictions may a
Daraz has brought an exciting offer for new users. New users can collect collectible vouchers and redeem them on their very first purchase. The voucher is applicable on the Daraz App only. The voucher mechanism is:20% discount, max. upto Rs.150 | Min purchase of Rs. 499 using any prepayment methodNote: There are two vouchers available for the new user. Users can collect both but can only redeem one of the vouchers in their first purchase.
We usually come up with amazing deals and promotional offers for our customers to enjoy. We encourage you to stay updated on the Daraz platform so you do not miss out on any exciting offers in future. To learn more about the upcoming campaigns and discounts, please subscribe to Daraz newsletters and turn on push notifications.Related questions: How to subscribe Daraz newsletters?
Terms and conditions: The influencer can generate links and get 3–10% commission, depending on the product and category.The product needs to be marked delivered for it to show up in their app history. (It will take at least 24 hours for it to be visible in the app after delivery.)If the product is returned, then the commission is not provided.The commission will be credited to the respective bank after 45 days.Daraz Affiliate payments are processed within 45 working days after the end of the mon
To maintain a respectful and legally compliant affiliate partnership with Daraz, please adhere to the following guidelines. Failure to comply may result in suspension or termination of your affiliate account. Avoid Misrepresentation: Your social media channels or websites should not include "Daraz" in their names to prevent confusion with the official Daraz channels. Respect Intellectual Property: Refrain from using Daraz trademarks, such as the logo, brand name, or any distinctive graphics (l
It can be used for both. You may leverage the affiliate program to promote your store's products or any interesting Daraz products you wish to share to earn commission in exchange.
You can apply via our Daraz Affiliate website or via Influencer Hub found in your "Me" tab in your Daraz app.
It is free to be an affiliate ambassador.
Yes, the Daraz Ambassador Program is Daraz's official program. You may refer to our official channels: 1. Daraz Affiliate website 2. Influencer Hub (access via Me tab in Daraz app. If you receive any communication outside of our official channels, do reach out to our email for confirmation.
Daraz Ambassador Program is an affiliate program that allows you to earn commission from every successful purchase made by your friends and followers via personalised affiliate links.
Users can redeem collected vouchers on a first come first served basis until the redemption budget is met. Once you collect a voucher, you can monitor its progress in the "My Voucher sectionThe"Progress Bar"displays how much of the voucher has been utilized. Ensure to use it before it's fully redeemed.Additionally, there's a"Timer"feature to remind you to use the voucher before it expires, even if the progress bar shows the remaining availability.Note:Daraz has set limits on the redemption of vo
Where can I check my vouchers which I have collected?To access your collected vouchers on Daraz, follow these steps:Log in to your Daraz account using your credentials.Proceed to the"My Vouchers" tabHere, you will be able to see all the collectible vouchers you have acquired during specific campaigns or events.You can further checkCheck"Non-usable"vouchers to review used, expired, or deactivated vouchers.Visit the "Get More Voucher"tab to collect additional vouchers from the selected platform
No, payment vouchers are collectible vouchers and no code has to be entered/typed on checkout to avail the bank discount. You have to simply collect the respective voucher to become eligible for the discount.After collection, head towards order placement, enter the card details on the payment page and the discount will get applied automatically.
Payment collectible vouchers, a new feature introduced as a change in way of availing banking discounts in Daraz. It is one of the types of Daraz Collectible vouchers which when only collected allow users to be eligible for the discount through the respective bank card.Collectible Voucher Terms &amp; Conditions:You can use only one voucher per order.Collecting a voucher reserves it for you. You can make a purchase using the voucher anytime till the voucher is valid.Eligible bank voucher are appl
You can check the validity of the Voucher under the Voucher detail.
No. A payment voucher should be redeemed on the transaction on a specified bank discount day only. The voucher will get expired if you do not use it on the mentioned date.
No. Once you have collected and redeemed the allowed limit of payment vouchers, that particular voucher will be disabled for further collection. Therefore, you cannot redeem more than allowed payment vouchers on that bank day.
Yes. A new set of vouchers with validity till the main day (respective bank day) will be available for each bank day partner. Thus, you need to collect the payment voucher every time for a new bank day before proceeding with order placement in order to avail the discount.
Yes. After collecting the respective bank voucher, you can confirm the collection by visiting the Voucher section under your account. All the collected vouchers will be displayed there.Note: Please collect again if it has not been reflected on your voucher section, 123
Payment vouchers can be collected in addition to all other Daraz collectible vouchers which are live. Upon checkout, the Daraz collectible vouchers and relevant payment vouchers will apply discounts in combination/simultaneously.
Please note that one customer is eligible to collect only one respective voucher for the specific bank day and can only redeem once (on the first transaction after collection).In case different discounts are available through the same bank (credit &amp; debit), you can collect both the vouchers and use them on the transaction as per the availability of the bank card with you.
If you get Voucher Invalid error during checkout, please check the Voucher's Terms &amp; Conditions and validate.Please note: Daraz Vouchers are not applicable to certain brands. If the issue still exists, please reach out to us via live chat. We will facilitate you accordingly.
Yes. If a payment voucher is not collected, you will still be able to make a transaction/prepayment, however, a bank or wallet discount will not be applied.
Users can redeem collected vouchers on a first come first served basis until the redemption budget is met. Once you collect a voucher, you can monitor its progress in the "My Voucher" section The "Progress Bar" displays how much of the voucher has been utilised. Ensure to use it before it's fully redeemed.Additionally, there's a "Timer" feature to remind you to use the voucher before it expires, even if the progress bar shows remaining availability.
If your voucher value is less than the order amount, you’ll be asked to select an additional payment method to complete the payment.You can select the payment option at the time of checkout.You can easily pay the remaining amount using any of our payment methods at checkout. We have the following payment methods through which you can make a payment:
Collectible Vouchers are the promotional offer that users could collect during specific campaigns or events on the platform. These vouchers often offered discounts or benefits on future purchases.To redeem collectible vouchers on Daraz, you typically need to follow these steps:Collect voucher while you shop on DarazGo toMy Vouchers tab to see your vouchersOr check under Daraz Voucher Tab during checkout.Note: These vouchers are available to collect on a first come first served basis, up till red
To access your collected vouchers on Daraz, follow these steps:Log in to your Daraz account using your credentials.Proceed to the "My Vouchers" Here, you will be able to see all the collectible vouchers you have acquired during specific campaigns or events.You can further checkCheck "Non-usable" vouchers to review used, expired, or deactivated vouchers.Visit the "Get More Voucher" tab to collect additional vouchers from the selected platform.
Daraz has brought an exciting offer for new users. New users can collect collectible vouchers and redeem them on their very first purchase. The voucher is applicable on the Daraz App only. The voucher mechanism is: 100% discount on shipping fee, max. up to Rs.100 on a minimum purchase of Rs.499
To collect vouchers during a live stream, follow these steps: Look for the pop-up voucher tab displaying the discount offer. Click on the tab, which will redirect you to the voucher section. Review the terms and conditions and check the minimum spend requirement, if any.
Terms and Conditions Limited Usage First Come First Serve. Act fast before the voucher is collected by others! General Only one voucher can be applied per order. Eligible vouchers are applied automatically at checkout. If you are applying for multiple vouchers, the voucher with the highest discount will be applied. If you use a voucher on an order and all items in that order get cancelled, the voucher will be returned to your account so long as the voucher expiry date has not passed. Daraz res